[Tech Glossary] Carrier grade (#1706)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/tech/glossary.md

- **Monitoring (Capability):** Monitoring capabilities are used for the passive observation of workload-specific traffic traversing the Cloud Infrastructure. Note, as with all capabilities, Monitoring may be unavailable or intentionally disabled for security reasons in a given cloud infrastructure instance.

> - **PVP: Physical-Virtual-Physical:** PVP represents a Workload test topology where a measurement is taken across two physical test points (e.g., physical NICs on a host), with traffic traversing a virtualized Workload that is logically connected between the physical points. PVP is an ETSI term, defined in [ETSI GS NFV-TST 009](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_gs/NFV-TST/001_099/009/03.01.01_60/gs_NFV-TST009v030101p.pdf)

Reviewer: un-capitalise "workload"
```suggestion
- **PVP: Physical-Virtual-Physical:** PVP represents a workload test topology where a measurement is taken across two physical test points (e.g., physical NICs on a host), with traffic traversing a virtualized workload that is logically connected between the physical points. PVP is an ETSI term, defined in [ETSI GS NFV-TST 009](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_gs/NFV-TST/001_099/009/03.01.01_60/gs_NFV-TST009v030101p.pdf).
```

> - **Carrier Grade:** Carrier grade refers to network functions and infrastructure that are characterised by all or some of the following attributes: High reliability allowing near 100% uptime, typically measured by “five or six nines”; Quality of Service (QoS) allowing prioritization of traffic; High Performance optimized for low latency/packet loss, and high bandwidth; Scalability to handle demand growth by adding virtual and/or physical resources; Security to be able to withstand natural and man-made attacks

Reviewer: can we have it as better than five nines and not limited to five of six nines?
```suggestion
- **Carrier Grade:** Carrier grade refers to network functions and infrastructure that are characterised by all or some of the following attributes: High reliability allowing near 100% uptime, typically measured as better than “five nines”; Quality of Service (QoS) allowing prioritization of traffic; High Performance optimized for low latency/packet loss, and high bandwidth; Scalability to handle demand growth by adding virtual and/or physical resources; Security to be able to withstand natural and man-made attacks
```
